Articles
Designing websites 
XHTML for dummies
How CSS works
SEO Marketing
Search Submission
All about CMS
Designing for Joomla
Google Adsense help
Marketing Online
Pay Per Click
Designing XHTML 1.1
Making Money Online
Web Templates
Javascript for all
Why jQuery is Great
What is Ajax



Categories
Design
Marketing
SEO
Graphics
Flash
Animation





Blogs
John's Web design
The Design Blog
Designs4all
Free XHTML Templates
WebGraphics
HowToWeb



Template Usage

You may use this template in any way you please, just leave the link at the bottom of the page back to me. I love to see how and where my templates are used, so feel free to email me from my site BryantSmith.com. I also offer professional design, programming, and marketing services, so if you need something a bit more complex, or need help with this template, I'd be happy to help. I design these templates for free to help those you may not have the time or budget for a full scale custom site, but always appreciate small donations for my services (paypal: paypal@bryantsmith.com). Thank you, and enjoy the template!



Customizing the columns

All of the left and right columns have been created so that you can either have one continues box that goes all the way to the bottom, or several different boxes in each column, however you like it. To make multiple columns, select the divs 'leftcol' and 'leftcol_bottom', copy, and paste the below the current ones (still inside of the 'leftcol_container' div). This will create an exact copy of your column directly underneath your current one. The left menu is an example of a long single div, while the right is multiple divs using the above method. 

This process is exactly the same for the main column (replace 'maincol' for 'leftcol') and the right as well ('rightcol' instead of 'leftcol'). The site looks good either way you do it, so experiment around with what works best for you. The box below this one shows what an additional main column looks like (as opposed to a long single one) 

 

More Template Information

If you want to change the picture at the top to something else, the easiest way to do this would be to overwrite the current image (located at: /images/picture.jpg) with your own JPEG image. Just make sure to keep the same dimensions of 900x237. The headings in all the columns are <h2> tags, and are automatically formatted for you.



 

web design florida | web tutorials | html codes | free templates

